Shawn Phalen: Hey,
Galaxy S7: How's it going,
Galaxy S7: All right, same ol same
Shawn Phalen: Are you isolating there. Are you are you
Galaxy S7: Yeah, I'm just at home.
Have you been sick now.
Galaxy S7: Uh, I don't know, just a couple days.
Galaxy S7: Yeah.
Galaxy S7: I still gone to work a couple of times and
Galaxy S7: I've gone on a couple of hikes up in the mountains, a couple of times, but
Galaxy S7: Yeah, that's about it really.
Galaxy S7: Not a whole lot.
To learn
Galaxy S7: A little bit. But no, not really. I don't really do a whole lot. Anyways, so
Yeah.
Okay, what Tommy what's going on. Got anything to talk about
Galaxy S7: I'm really just, uh,
Galaxy S7: I think last time.
Galaxy S7: We talked. I said I was getting ready for some stuff with the child support.
Shawn Phalen: Okay. Hey,
Galaxy S7: I'm sorry, my phone does not like zoom anymore.
Galaxy S7: Yeah, it does this almost every time I get on zoom now.
Okay.
Galaxy S7: I don't know what the deal is. It doesn't matter if I'm talking to somebody in the waiting room office area or with to orient
Galaxy S7: Or in the bigger groups that I go to. But it does not like zoom anymore and on Apple phone that had on weird. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Is there any way the phone can stay still, it gets me really stuck witness moving around.
Galaxy S7: Okay, I'll try. But still, I can use my me batch file for it.
Galaxy S7: Yeah, um,
Galaxy S7: Let's see. Yeah, I just had to go File, Save them you know just fill out paper on you know like
Galaxy S7: My bills were and, you know, stuff like that. And then like
Galaxy S7: And then bring in paste up so they could see all that stuff and thing and
Galaxy S7: So, but that all went fine and you know no complaints there.
Galaxy S7: So, I mean,
Galaxy S7: It just, I mean they dropped my child for a little bit, but, uh, I mean, everything went great. I bought though.
Galaxy S7: And then
Galaxy S7: Size that no, nothing really new, like I said no ever really do a lot. So, I mean, I just go to work and
Galaxy S7: And then I hang out with the call people. But yeah, it's not a whole lot
Galaxy S7: So why don't we just do this. And since you seem to be doing really well if you if you feel like you need to meet with me. You can call the call center and they can schedule an appointment that sound. How does that mean
Galaxy S7: That sounds great to me because I was just, I was kind of going to ask it one of these points, you know, when do these one on one meetings, you know, slow down or stop or like because you know. Not to be rude, but they don't seem to be
Galaxy S7: For any purpose for me. You know, I don't really have
Galaxy S7: Any underlining issues or anything going on that really feel like I need to talk.
Shawn Phalen: About and that's totally fine. Yeah.
You know, just keep doing the group and just keep doing what you're doing, you know,
And like I said, at any point if you feel you need therapy. Just call back and let's go to you.